                 GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 3, 29 June 2007

Copyright (C) 2024 LX Studios
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                        Preamble

The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.  This license is intended to
guarantee your freedom to share and change all versions of a
program, to make sure it remains free software for all its users.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that
you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and
charge for this service if you wish), that you receive source code
or can get it if you want it, and that you can change the software
and use pieces of it in new free programs.  By "free software," we
mean software that is free for users, not software that is
necessarily free of charge.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the
rights.  These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities
for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify
it.

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same
freedoms that you received.  You must make sure that they, too,
receive or can get the source code.  And you must show them these
terms so they know their rights.

We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the program,
and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to
copy, distribute, and/or modify the program.

For software that is copyrighted by you, you can choose any license
that permits these actions.  For software that is not copyrighted,
you can not make up your own license.  Instead, you must choose one
of the licenses approved by the Free Software Foundation.

              TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Definitions.
   "This License" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.
   "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other
   kinds of works, such as semiconductor masks. 
   "The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
   License. Each licensee is addressed as "you".
   "You" refers to an individual or legal entity exercising
   permission granted by this License. 
   "Source Code" for a work means the preferred form of the work
   for making modifications to it.  "Object Code" means any
   non-source form of a work. 
   "Combined Work" is a work formed by combining or linking an
   object code version of the Program with other separate works,
   or otherwise using the Program in a larger program. 
   "User" is any person who uses the Program or Combined Work.

1. Source Code.
   The Program must include a copy of this License, and the
   source code for the Program must be made available to the users.

2. Modification.
   You may modify the Program as you like, and you may distribute
   the modified version under the terms of this License.

3. Distribution.
   You must distribute the source code or make it available to
   recipients when you distribute copies of the Program.

4. Copyleft.
   You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise
   of the rights granted by this License.  Therefore, you
   cannot put additional restrictions, such as a software patent
   or license, on the Program.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty.
   There is no warranty for the Program, and it is provided
   "as is".  The user assumes the entire risk of using the
   Program.

6. Acceptance.
   By using, distributing, or modifying the Program, you agree
   to the terms of this License.

                    END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
